

What is module ?

In angular a module is a mechanism to group components, directives, pipes and services that are related.

Angular defines modules as a metadata object that describes how to compile 
a component’s template and how to create an injector at runtime. In 
other words, a module is a group of components, directives, pipes, and 
services that you want to make available in parts of your Angular 
application. These modules should have a single responsibility and be 
extensible to help you build your Angular application.


For a simple example of how Angular modules work, let’s say you’re building an ecommerce 
website or application. You might have a module for your cart section, 
another for your products section, another for customers, and so on. 
Each module represents an independent piece of your ecommerce application


Exploder app module?

    App is also a module..
    
    So whats inside the app.module.ts file 
        1. some files are imported inside.
        2. In NgModule is called directives.
        3. declaration => always been declaration of components.
        4. imports => always been imported the modules 
        5. bootstrap => what component which we gonna use inside this module.


How to make module?

    command ::
        ng g m users
        or 
        ng generate module users

    In the root directory of your Angular project, run the above command
    to create a users module. This creates a users directory inside 
    the app directory. The users directory contains a TypeScript file 
    that is responsible for defining the module.

    we can't use blank module so for that we can add component inside that
    folder.

    Create component inside module ::

    To create a component and register it in a module at the same time, 
    use the following Angular CLI command

    command :: 
        ng g c <modulename>/<componentname>
        OR
        ng generate component <modulename>/<componentname>

    example :: 
        ng g c users/login

How to use module ?

    For use that component

    1. go to the user.module.ts file.
    2. then export that component for use.
    3. After this head off to app.module.ts file.
    4. import user module in the app module file.

    Once you imported component in the app.component.ts file then you don't
    need to import it again. you just export that component in the respective
    module.
    
=> How to start 
